Respect my authoritah!!!
I'm not fat, I'm festively plump.
Wow, cartoons are getting really dirty.
You go to hell. You go to hell and you die.
If irony was made of strawberries, we'd all be drinking a lot of smoothies right now.
You bastard.
Oh, the tears of unfathomable sadness! Yummy!
Why don't we all sing, "Kyle's Mom is a Stupid Bitch" in D-minor?
I don't want to do it if it hurts or if it makes you get all sticky.
Don't lie, Stan. Lying makes you sterile.
T. T is for turtle.
Welcome to Shitty Wok!
WhatwhatWHAT?
Dude, this is pretty fucked up right here.
Cartman, that's the dumbest thing you've ever said... this week.
Sit down or the bunny dies!
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Kids, let's keep it down for study group, or else Mr. Garrison is going to punish me.
Butters, what the hell are you doing?
This is just like Vietnam, huh fellas? Whoopee!
Come on Kyle. Just because your mom is a bitch doesn't mean that we all have to suffer.
OK, that's enough fat-ass jokes for this week.
I think I can go back to trying to destroy the world again.
You little turds, you ruined my life for the last time
That fart was absolutely GHOULISH Terrance.
Goddamn it, Cartman!
You know, I learned something today.
Oh, I forgot to tell you that part. I’m Lorde.
That little fat kid is getting annoying. Let’s get rid of him.
Soon Canada will be advanced as Michigan!
Your wiener, my balls, they’re all public domain.
It’s like - it’s like a yeti.
Too bad drinking scotch isn’t a paying job or Kenny’s dad would be a millionare!
There’s a time and a place for everything, and it’s called college.
Hi, Sexual Harassment Panda.
If there are any questions, direct them to that brick wall over there.
Oh yeah! And don't forget last year at summer camp you got raped by a shark! Ha ha!
We have a problem with cis-gingers who are intolerant … We call them cis-ies!
The monkey claw is smelly.
The dragons are still just on their way!
They keep promising dragons, but all I get are more floppy weiners in my face!
Winter's coming, Sharon, and I'm a busy little bee. Buzz! Buzz!
Wow, the president eats at Red Lobster! He's just a normal guy like me!
I don't understand that stuff at all, I need Morgan Freeman to explain it to me.
Yeah, I love when Morgan Freeman explains stuff.
Pretty sweet, huh?
No really, there are states full of swingers. Bunch of perverts if you ask me.
Would you like some warm nuts, sir?
Haahaha! Warm nuts, she says!
Vengeance is mine!
I know people that paid ten bucks for those bracelets. I bet they feel pretty stupid now.
You know I spent five bucks on that stupid thing?
I don't know what to believe in any more, mmkay!
Renting DVDs is more ancient than Madonna's boobs!
I think something might be wrong with dad.
But what does being Hawaiian have to do with me being like an emo chick on her period?
Butters, people can't just go around beating up people who have diabetes!
I'm telling you, Butters beat the crap out of Scott and then locked himself in the bathroom!
Yeah, sure, because people just order stuff from Amazon and forget what they got.
My name's Honey Boo Boo, and I'm a beauty queen, bitches!
I may be fat, but I'm not Honey Boo Boo!
Coach Belichick says that 'there's no way we can beat the Broncos, they've had the same coach for almost a day!
Let's do this. Stan, hook up my bra.
Oh, heard that through the grapevine, did you?
Look! Somebody left a deli platter. And board games. And massage oil.
Guys! Guys! Get outside! It's the Batmobile! Batmobile you guys!
Love is like taking a dump, Butters. Sometimes it works itself out. But sometimes, you need to give it a nice hard slimy push.
Anyway, thanks a lot, and stay away from my man, bitch.
Aw, Token's shy! Oh my god, that is adorable.
How many iPod nanos is friendship worth? I guess, one.If I crap in a forest, the blood will attract beavers, Kyle!
It was 10, maybe 15 minutes of pure hell.
Cold sore is what girls call it, Kenny. It's actually herpes.
We all know that bullying is an epidemic. Like AIDS, bullying is escalating and is spread mostly by penises.
Oh, well don't fart on grandma, she's trying to enjoy her ham.
Our Linda certainly does know her way around a pork.
Just be careful you don't end up naked and jackin' it in San Diego.
What the hell does that mean?
Saying something is so 2000 and anything is so 2009, you asswipe!
There are only 3 approved memes. Peace sign, bunny ears, fake weiner.
You should be saving it for when you die. That's our money.
We got crappy jewelry, now all we need are some old people.
Toilet time is the last bastion of American freedom.
That's just your brain levels adjusting back to the real world.
Oh no, I'm the Japanese and I had a bad day. I think I'm gonna kill myself!
It's clear it isn't our parenting. We're awesome.
Screw you sir, I'm going home.
I don't make up the rules. I just think them up and write them down.
My name is Sarah McLachlan and I was famous for two months.
And we want our moms to stop tripping because bitches be tripping all the time!
No, dude, fuck you, we're burning this shit.
Token, stop giving Tyler Perry money or he won't go away.
Dude an award show just for comedy sounds like a bad idea.
I just needed help going to sleep... mode.
You gonna deglaze that f**king pan? I'd deglaze the f**k out of that pan.
Shake Weight, you're not really work out equipment, are you?
Your work out is finished. Here is some cab fare. Now going to sleep mode.
How is it that Mint and Berry came together delivering full flavor and intense crunch?
You can't kick me out of Coon & Friends, I'm the f**cking Coon!
We no longer f**k the earth, we DP it.
Our environment should stabilize if it's getting drilled here, here, and here.
All Coon friends report to base. I'm so seriously.
When a chick says we need to talk, you might as well start punching yourself in the balls, dude.
It's a Jersey thing.
Snooki want smoosh smoosh.
What's a muff cabbage?
You're a Ginger, a Jew and from Jersey. Three strikes, Kyle, you're out!
Next thing you know? Jersey party at the Sizzler.
I'm having my face shaved. It's a Jersey thing.
All people from Jersey do is hump and punch each other.
Never invite a New Jersey housewife into your home.
I'd scarf down a whole wet bucket full of shit before I ate another plate of meecrob.
I have to get to South Park. If you give me a ride I can pay you the four dollars I made at the titty bar.
Damn you Internet!
Ew, it's all sticky.
Yeah, that's right cash tucker! Have fun with your two-million dollar house!
Remember - it doesn't matter who wins. It matters who wins three times in a row.
